New notificationContentType and notificationQueryOptions properties (#11865)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/subscription.md

- A [message][], [event][], or [contact][] in Outlook
- The [presence][] of a user in Microsoft Teams
- A [user][] or [group][] in Azure Active Directory

> - A [printer][] (when a print job for the printer gets to JobFetchable state - ready to be fetched for printing) and a [printTaskDefinition][] in Universal Print (for details, see [Subscribe to change notifications from cloud printing APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/universal-print-webhook-notifications))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [printer][] When a print job for the printer gets to JobFetchable state - ready to be fetched for printing and a [printTaskDefinition][] in Universal Print. For more information, see [Subscribe to change notifications from cloud printing APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/universal-print-webhook-notifications).
```

- A [message][], [event][], or [contact][] in Outlook
- The [presence][] of a user in Microsoft Teams
- A [user][] or [group][] in Azure Active Directory

> - A [printer][] in Print Service (when a print job for the printer gets to JobFetchable state - ready to be fetched for printing). See  [Universal Print Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/universal-print-webhook-notifications) for more information

Reviewer 2: @Lauragra @baywet Any suggestion on this part? The usage of printer resource and printTaskDef resource is a bit different from others so we had our own change notifications page created a while back(you both reviewed it).
We are thinking to add a link to that page for both printer and printTaskDef resource so that users can find examples and more details about it.

Reviewer 3: I made some adjustments here; see what you think.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @Lauragra. 

@Jumaodhiss We just need to make the same changes to both beta and v1.0 versions. Everything else looks good I think.
Thanks

| encryptionCertificateId | string | A custom app-provided identifier to help identify the certificate needed to decrypt resource data. Optional. Required when **includeResourceData** is true. | All |
| latestSupportedTlsVersion | string | Specifies the latest version of Transport Layer Security (TLS) that the notification endpoint, specified by **notificationUrl**, supports. The possible values are: `v1_0`, `v1_1`, `v1_2`, `v1_3`. </br></br>For subscribers whose notification endpoint supports a version lower than the currently recommended version (TLS 1.2), specifying this property by a set [timeline](https://developer.microsoft.com/graph/blogs/microsoft-graph-subscriptions-deprecating-tls-1-0-and-1-1/) allows them to temporarily use their deprecated version of TLS before completing their upgrade to TLS 1.2. For these subscribers, not setting this property per the timeline would result in subscription operations failing. </br></br>For subscribers whose notification endpoint already supports TLS 1.2, setting this property is optional. In such cases, Microsoft Graph defaults the property to `v1_2`. | All |

> | notificationContentType | string | Desired content-type for MS Graph change notifications for supported resource types. The default content-type is the "application/json" content-type. | Universal Print Service |

Reviewer 2: This property is not specific to Universal Print
